hey guys what is up it is Sara welcome
to another episode of that creative life
here Chelsey I've really been enjoying
the discussions and questions that you
guys have been asking underneath these
videos and last week we talked about
finding your home and traveling and
Nathaniel said I think finding your home
is dependent on people you meet in
community become a part of I find kind
of hard finding that kind of community
feel in London but I know it's there how
did you go about making these creative
connections so today I'm going to talk
about meeting new people it doesn't
matter if you're an introvert or an
extrovert but going up to someone you
don't know and saying hello is slightly
terrifying right Chelsea yep yep I don't
think this is looked at as a skill that
you can develop but I truly think it is
because it was taught to me and I just
want to relay the pointers that I was
given to you guys first things first
you have to be in a place that you can
meet new people so whether that is a
event or a conference or a place like a
church or a non-profit event or a club
at your school there are many places you
just have to be available to meet
someone so whether as a person that you
know from online and you haven't met
them in person or if it's someone you
just know nothing about the first step
is just going up to them that is the
most terrifying part but the more you do
it the better it will get an easier way
to start a conversation is just start
with a compliment hey I'm Sarah I love
your shirt thanks so much yeah where did
you get it forever 21
I'd love forever 21 and there you go
then you have common ground to talk
about you can talk about forever 21 you
can talk about other places you shop in
and then you can go in for the generic
questions where are you from how long
have you been here what do you do you're
into photography I love photography so
depending who it is whether you have
knowledge of them before or not you can
approach them you know in different ways
if you know who it is before you can
start formulating questions in your mind
if you have the in game of wanting to
reach out to them for coffee or maybe
you have a blog that you want to feature
them on
you can starting you have questions
before you approach them having those
mental bullet points in your head how
health health having those mental bullet
points in your head before you approach
them helps so much once you get the
person talking about themselves it is
smooth sailing from there because who
doesn't love talking about themselves so
after you asked the first question think
about the second question you want to
ask while they're answering the seventh
question think about the third question
in your head and this might seem kind of
mechanical but once it gets going we'll
find some common ground and the
conversation will just start to flow at
the end of the combo is always great to
have that action step whether it is
having a business card to hand to them
or getting them to type in their
Instagram or Twitter handle and
following them or getting their email
address or asking you know them out to
coffee those are all great things to
really further that relationship beyond
the first conversation once you put
yourself in those situations of going to
conferences or becoming a member of a
group at school or getting involved at
you know your local church well as you
start meeting those people and really
getting outside your comfort zone you
start creating kind of a community oh
you have some practical skills of
meeting new people I think it's just
important to put yourself out there in
two different situations that you make
yourself available to so whether that is
volunteering your time for free at you
know creative Church nonprofit or even
jobs you know there are a ton of maybe
there's a production company that you
think is really cool maybe you just
volunteer your time as a production
assistant
you know once every week I think
consistency is super important to having
a commitment to go to every week or
every weekend really helps you build out
that community and even though you might
not like every second of it it is a
place for you to be and continually grow
as a human being and making those
connections and the
relationships that you know maybe down
the road might offer you a job or you
know as a great reference for something
that you are seeking out in the future
so just be open about getting out there
and meeting people you never know it may
just be that one person that you meet in
a coffee shop that is going to lead to
an entire community of friends if you're
having troubles meeting new people maybe
you are not getting out of your comfort
zone and going to new places you can't
meet new people in your house got it
gotta get out there drops truth gotta
get out there there's times for Netflix
and there's times for just getting out
there meet new people creating the
community that you want thank you so
much for watching today let me know if
you liked it hit that subscribe button
and talk to me down in the comments
below if you have anything to chime in
on or if you have questions I am still
posting every single day on Sara D
ChiCom and at this past weekend I
actually went to Austin to do some fun
filming for the 2016 you know channel I
got some fun stuff coming y'all's way
that I cannot wait to share so hit up
those links down in the description
below and I will see you guys next
Tuesday Merry Christmas and Kwanzaa
or Kwanzaa and Kwanzaa and Hanukkah and
New Year's not a great happy holidays I
like I want you to think about something
where you're living right now where you
were born and raised is not necessarily
where you're meant to be where you're
meant to work where you're meant to
flourish you know relationship wise